hello for me is not the fault of lisovskaya
automotive portal expert
home daughter rub
and today we talk about my
Favorite theme Japanese cars Female
car in the general sense is
compact hatchback and bright colors but by
my in this is not all girls
they prefer such machines
many love big expressed
dissatisfaction with the only true
but also acquires the car bagirov
feature
products you want better
except for that pillars
are beginners advanced
the police and if you are a novice driver
really let's start with
compact candidates with my
point of view the most budget option
shores dramatic why deu matiz well
because they are expensive at this price
subject of purchase and further
operation
because reliably really
reliable again the oldest Russian
Pavlova not hysteria dynamics
the car stays fairly low
rear seat prices add up fifth
the doors open you up huge appears
space like a washing machine with
the driver
they say if we talk about cons new rates
not very good painted coating
so this is two three years after the start
exploitation you get rusty
Lutsk car points are the doors to the fifth
day on the hood anticorrosive prevention
it will help on but probably the next few days
and another important clogged at the moment
the car is automatic
they were completed with automata
only until 2008 so if you
want matiz automatic you can buy
pre-release option before 2007
inclusive but also I think that it is possible
pick up somewhere in the area
two hundred thousand rubles
good drinking water
migratory over this machine especially for
beginners
lady's heart is the lack of pillows
security so keep in mind the mother of
cars
statements
if the piglets plan of victory is this
buy a car that we
we can consider a three-year-old
nissan miku arrow rates
but every time he shows himself waiting
on November 10
but no low fuel consumption either
equipment with automatic gearbox
but he has an opinion that of course in the first
turn to refine
well, and then this car is strong enough
devalue because new model
all aboard
paid item one pluses wonderful
little machine but honestly for myself
don't consider a car with
robotic box I
I prefer normal
full automatic and mechanics, I would generally
did not speak for novice drivers
we do it so Almaty decisive
factors on the road and there is still
entry in this beware 50 not
I know, but it is this rare beast director
smart software
of course leonov 8 sympathies
but in any field
and how rarely is the car as
her subject to five years in her is also an actor under
order
a maximum of three new Tianwan blocks
aus fukushima by the end of the century central
console
not practical to look yo
only with Tymoshenko
so eager to control
of course in order to please
in this initiative
he probably will be considered
Russian football
I think what is it
Yenisei in Khakassia
love him four hundred to five hundred thousand
rubles I was the case recommended
pay attention to ford focus this is wonderful
the car will start off fine
retreat way this parts not all
similar items you can buy from them
no problems
You can
it came to taste and wallet long to live but also
sell the minimal losses
we note the million rubles adjoining the choir
you can consider the budget
the present
which religious or late mobile
the team is just magnus carlsen
I was threatened with equipment and
were not very pleasant three minutes
in place for someone
probably I already have real dollars
and in conclusion
oil is never worth buying
cars left first on
last money
car is a complicated technical
item requiring a lot of extra
spending new be careful on the roads
it turns out
at